I
About the CEO

The person leading Yida Precision Machinery, Dr. Hank Pu, holds a PhD in Mechanical Engineering from National Tsinghua University and has worked in the machine tool industry for more than 25 years.

He previously got experience as a design department head, a business head and senior manager. He has also served as a supervisor of public companies and as a university professor, and eventually started his own business in 2004.

II
About OEM at Yida

YIDA has a strong research & development team, and has provided ODM/OEM projects to clients in the United States, Russia, and China. Such projects make up about 30% of Yida’s annual revenue.

Current cooperation projects  are primarily based on VMC at aerospace, 3D printing, and automotive industries.

We are always committed to mutual trust and mutual benefit with our OEM partners, and seek to deepen a long-term cooperation through the valuable and extensive sharing of information.

III
About Yida’s Lathes, VMCs, and HMCs

YIDA's CNC lathe product line consists of slant bed lathes (box ways + linear guide ways), vertical lathes (ODM), a five-axis turn-mill machining center, and a journal type hydrostatic turning center.

With standard two-axis lathes, C-axis + power turrets, Y-axis and dual-spindle + Y-axis, the machine specifications range from 5 inches to 24 inches, and the product line is comprehensive.

Yida has experience introducing automated solutions for hand tools, automobiles, motorcycles, aerospace and other industries.

YIDA offers Vertical Machining Centers with either box way or linear guide-ways, with X-axis travels ranging from 500 to 1500 mm. They can be equipped with belt-drive, direct-drive, or built-in spindle. Higher acceleration and speed spindle options can offer higher performance machining while the gearbox option can do high rigidity machining jobs.

Generally speaking, a three axis VMC can do standard work piece machining jobs. A four axis VMC can work with an A or C axis and a tailstock for machining long work pieces and curved surfaces. Five axis VMCs with AC or BC axes rotary tables can do curved complex machining jobs.

Yida offers OEM, ODM, and can meet your customized and commercial needs. Please inquire.

Yida offers Horizontal Machining Centers with pallet table sizes ranging from 400 to 800 mm, with belt-drive, direct-drive, or built-in spindle. The orthogonal T structure allows machining of multiple face surfaces.The Box-in-Box design with twin ballscrews and high-speed spindle can reach high acceleration, and offers high performance machining. When combined with the gearbox option it can perform high rigidity machining jobs.

Yida's HMCs can be equipped with a 60 to 240 tool Automatic Tool Changer, and a multi-pallet pool of 6 to 24 pallets. Yida offers fixture and jig planning for your automation needs.

IV
About Yida’s other product lines

YIDA's adopted a box-in-box design for the Plus series of horizontal machining centers, which has the advantages of high speed and high precision. In addition, it can be equipped with five-axis processing, multi-pallet pool system, production line automation and other designs, and it is widely used in automotive processing, aerospace processing and other industries.

Vertical lathe ODM / OEM (USA)
3D printing (metal) equipment OEM (USA) 

V
About Yida’s unique core technology

More than ten patents worldwide.
In addition to product development, Yida is also committed to the development of key core technologies, including:

VI
About Yida’s market

The main market is in Europe, with Russia, the Czech Republic, Slovenia, Turkey, Poland, Egypt, Italy, the Netherlands and other countries as the main sales areas. 

Currently there are agents in more than 30 countries around the world.

Have a pre-sales service team to assist agents with customized services such as process planning, machine selection, fixture planning, tool recommendations, etc.
Over the past 16 years, more than 3,000 equipment and automated production lines have been produced.


VII
And More

⦾ YIDA has won many R&D awards, including the 2019/2020 Taiwan Excellence Award and three Taipei Machine Tool Competitions.

⦾ Use scraping for higher quality assembly.
⦾ Self-designed tools to assist assembly.

⦾ Yida has complete quality inspection equipment, including two sets of ball bar laser systems, two-dimensional measurement equipment, surface roughness meter, etc.

⦾ Electronic production history records, convenient for future historical data query. Fully develop AI, IoT, AR/VR and 5G related technologies. 


